If the fool hadn't gotten my master's guidance
With your mediocre talent
The poor will never enter his eyes in his life
Not to mention only practicing boxing for seven years
It is impossible to win the position of champion
Since I set out
invincible
Exhausted like a god
Six Days
Repelled 82 enemy troops from three states
This can never be you
Mu Guiying's credit to a woman
You took 10 of your armed forces and you failed.
Are you sure you are invincible
Courage as a god
What do you mean?
I'll tell you what it means.
Your so-called loneliness
But my lord has advanced for you earlier.
Ready
As for the battle of the states
My adults also expected the ending long ago
Otherwise, you think it's up to you to be independent and average
How can I deserve to have such a great achievement?
Uh-huh.
Not dependent on people
Mu Guiying
You're just a woman trapped in the back
Nothing but laundry and cooking
How could you possibly ask such brains and abilities
Don't try to lie
Just cover up all my abilities
Since I came to this world
Dare to speak wildly